Friday 9/22- Thursday

Friday
Resumed working on providing feedback to SE I status reports ~7:30am, worked till noon
     - small breaks to help wife with outside chores
Did lunch and errands with my wife 
     - two stops to buy food and other items for the food pantry and for Ukranian refugees
     - one stop at tractor supply to get stuff for chickens
		- customer in front of us was having a hard month, I offered to help her load her stuff (hurt ribs and all)
Back at the status reports for several hours
     - small breaks to deal with beaver issue and take care of outside animals
     - came up with a new way to let out and put back the baby chickens (cut time from 20-30 min to 5-10)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Saturday
Finished SE 1 section 2 and section 1 reports (took most of the morning and afternoon)
Started and finished SE II section 2 reports (smaller class size so I do it first)
Dealt with beaver issue. Usual stuff, nothing interesting this time.
Mowed for an hour or so, got about half the yard done.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Sunday
Arrived early to church, setup streaming equipment (someone bought new mics, had to revert to the old ones)
Stayed after to collect and organize donations for our food shelf (weekly activity; my wife coordinates the daily distribution)
Had our 2nd bell choir practice session of the season; 4 new pieces; 3 new members (each better than me)
Finished SE II section 1 reports
Went to lunch with my daughter and her family to hear about her presentations at a week long conference.
	- Went to Holy Taco, waited an hour, no food, walked out. Terrible service. 
	- My daughter's topic was added by popular request from customers
	- She was pulled aside by her CEO when a customer said her presentation was the best at the conference
Updated my class notes for both SE I and SE II based on the common threads I saw while doing the reports
Reviewed the required reading material for SE I and did final edits on my class notes
Sent a copy of my SE I class notes to Dr Shaik so she knew what was planned for Monday
Started work on feedback for SE mid term essays and presentations (did 4)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Monday
Starting to heal. It doesn't hurt to breathe now (just when I cough or hiccup)
Arrived early (8ish, my day starts officially at 9), no students, was able to make progress on side projects
Double checked all my ABET stuff was done (due today, I was waiting on Dr. Dubay but she put her items in without issue)
Prepped for class by scanning all the required and optional reading and then updating my class notes one last time.
At the start of class, I go to the podium and download all the slides locally so I can display them.I also prep any videos I plan to show in an attempt to skip the commercials.
Nothing of interest in the beaver wall today. 
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Tuesday
Arrived early, no students initially so reviewed the required reading material for SE II and did final edits on my class notes). Once caught up on class stuff, I worked on my ABET assignment and was able to compose all the materials requested and placed them in the appropriate folders (this was due this coming Friday). 
Met with a couple of students from SE I and SE II about essays. 
Provided feedback for a couple of SE II presentations that were submitted early.
Provided feedback on two SE II persuasive essays that were submitted early.
I evaluated all of the SE II students so I had an idea of what grade they should be arguing for and why.
Executed on my class notes for SE II sections 1 and 2; observing student's level of engagement during their execution of the Scrum Project during class. Reminded them that Thursday would be a busy day for them so I would keep my remarks short.
Processes attendance for SE I section 1 and 2
Reviewed the required reading for SEI and some of the optional ones, then updated my class notes. 
Sent my updated class notes to Dr. Shaik so she knew the plan for Wednesday.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical


Wednesday
Still driving to work but almost healed. Debating whether I will take up the bike again as the weather turns cool.
Arrived early, knocked out some emails and did all my pull requests across the 4 sections
Scanned the materials for class one last time.
Pprocessed attendance for yesterday's SE II. 
I evaluated all of the SE I students so I had an idea of what grade they should be arguing for and why.
I am all set for handling the essays.
Got a message from my wife that something is wrong with our ETSU insurance.
Spent all afternoon chasing people about insurance. Everyone points at someone else and no one is stepping up to champion the issue for us. I sent a flame email and suddenly got a lot of attention.

Thursday
Met with the VP of HR at ETSU to fix the issue. No progress but I did gather new data.
Throughout the day my wife and I tag team the issue, chasing people down at the State, HR, Payroll, etc.
Got an email after 8pm from the VP of HR that it was fixed. I will confirm in the morning.
Scanned over SE II material for the day. Kept my remarks short as promised"Here are the slides, any questions, no? the rest of the class time is yours to finish the sprint".
Scanned over SE I material slated for Monday. Everyone that waits to the last minute to read the required material is in for a surprise.
Process pull requests and attendance.
Start working on feedback as some progress reports are coming in. 
Answered student questions about Scrum and other topics

Stay tuned for the continuing saga of ETSU HR
