Note: I cannot include all items in order to protect confidential information. Items I consider exceeds have an (E) at the end
Note: I have both courses (4 sections) setup to follow a consistent pattern for the entire semester. This streamlines my work
each week while also providing students with stability of what is expected each week. Two points in the semester disrupt this
routine; the mid term and final essays.

A list of this week’s accomplishments (especially how you exceeded expectations during the week)
Friday
    Submitted my official Course plans for SE I and SE II that is due today 
          I only found out yesterday that I had to do this. Other faculty have had weeks.(E)
    Resumed (from yesterday) working on providing feedback to SE I status reports ~7:30am, worked till noon
         - small breaks to help wife with painting porch, deal with animals
    After lunch, arrived at ETSU ABET mtg 10 minutes early only for it to start 15 minutes late
    	- helped my team navigate the multiple documents to do ABET mappings
    	- identified that there was a document missing and asked Dr. Bennett for that document (E)
    	- meeting went 1 hour over
    Worked on feedback for a few more hours
      - marked all the ones that were submitted early to me by students
      - mall breaks to deal with beaver issue and take care of outside animals
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical (E) (I'm not required to work evenings)

Saturday
    Finished SE 1 section 2 and section 1 reports (E) (this is an exceeds because I'm not required to work weekends)
    Started and finished SE II section 2 reports (smaller class size so I do it first) (E)
    Dealt with beaver issue. Oddly, the beaver left it's collapsible camping shovel on the beaver wall so I took it. (E) (exceeds because I never expected to find a shovel)
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical (E)

Sunday
    Arrived early to church, setup streaming equipment (overcame mystery power outage on some equipment) (E)
      - Stayed after to collect and organize donations for our food shelf (weekly activity; my wife coordinates the daily distribution) (E)
    Had our first bell choir practice session of the season; 4 new pieces
    Finished SE II section 1 reports (E)
    Updated my class notes for both SE I and SE II based on the common threads I saw while doing the reports (E)
    Reviewed the required reading material for SE I and did final edits on my class notes (E)
    Sent a copy of my SE I class notes to Dr Shaik so she knew what was planned for Monday (E)
    Various chores around the house and yard
    Impaled myself on a shard of bamboo while trying to deal with the beaver issue. 
      - Interestingly, the beaver apparently likes Mountain Dew as it left an empty can of it by the wall.(E)
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical (E)

Monday
    Rode my bike to work (6 miles each way; takes 20-30 minutes depending on traffic). (E)
    Arrived early (E) (8ish, my day starts officially at 9), chatted with a former student and a couple of current students
      - NOTE: I sit at the table outside 215 instead of my office for just that reason. I like to create the opportunity for 
              "accidental encounters" because I think it makes me more approachable and builds a strong relationship of trust.
    Starting collection the materials the ABET auditors need for my class. Dr. Dubay is a huge help in this effort.
    Executed on my class notes for SE I sections 1 and 2; observing student's level of engagement during the exercise.     
    Kind of skipped lunch again (ate cold cabbage between class sessions), finished the rest after classes ended.
    Wrecked my bike on the way home due to someone at a 4way stop going out of turn; bruised multiple ribs. A couple of quick 
               repairs on the bike and I was on my way again. Thankfully, my body to the brunt of the impact and my new laptop was not damaged (E) (unlike last semester)
    Got home in time to play "Cut Throat Kitchen" with my wife and 5 year old grandson. Somehow I lost every challenge. 
               I thought for sure my peanut butter and chocolate kiss cookies with tuna fish and chipotle would win.
    Nothing of interest in the beaver wall today. But they did leave rose bush branches (kind of nature's barbed wire).
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical (E)

Tuesday
    Drove to work due to bike injury the previous day (takes 15 minutes). Forgot to take pain relievers so I hurt with every breath all day. 
    Arrived early (E), no students initially so I worked down items on my todo list 
      - updates for a few status report feedbacks in SE I; 
      - post the instructions for persuasive essay; 
      - verified due date to ensure I have time to read them before submitting grades; 
      - start drafting this report; 
      - Reviewed the required reading material for SE II and did final edits on my class notes
    Once caught up on class stuff, I worked on my ABET assignment and was able to compose all the materials requested and placed them in 
              the appropriate folders (E)(this was due this coming Friday). 
      - Since it was early, I asked Dr. Dubay to look over my work and let me know if she sees anything missing or wrong. (E)
      - I also updated Dr. Bennett (my boss) that it was done and include a compliment about Dr. Dubay for her assistance.(E)
    Helped another professor that was trying to put their ABET materials together. (E)
    Met with a couple of students from SE I and SE II to answer questions about the course and/or their performance.
    Executed on my class notes for SE II sections 1 and 2; observing student's level of engagement during their execution of the Scrum Project during class. 
    Processes attendance for SE I section 1 and 2
    Reviewed the required reading for Design and some of the optional ones, then updated my class notes, posted documents to GitHub 
              so both SE I sections had the info (early if they were looking). 
    Sent my updated class notes to Dr. Shaik so she knew the plan for Wednesday.(E)
    Drove home, did yard stuff, mostly rested my ribs, forgot to take pain meds until bedtime. 
    Nothing interesting in the Beaver wall.
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical(E)


Wednesday
    Drove to work again, still in pain from the bike wreck.
    Arrived early (E), knocked out some emails and did all my pull requests across the 4 sections
    Scanned the requirements documents and processed attendance. Sent emails about missing/misplaced files.
    Met with a couple of students about topiz quizzes in between prepping for the class sessions for today.
    Got another assignment today that due Friday from Dr. Bennett. Knocked it out.(E)
    Found out about an AI workshop that might be of interest to students so I posted that after getting permission from the coordinator. (E)
    Scanned through a video a student sent. Showed it in class. Updated my class notes to use that video in the future (I like it when this happens).
    After watching the students in class today, I made a note to relook at the design exercise instructions. Maybe I can simply them or clarify them (or both) for future semesters.
    Scanned over SE II material for tomorrow.
    Scanned over SE I material slated for Monday. 
    Chatted with a few students after class about topic quizzes and nothing class related.
    Stopped at church on the way home to fix the food pantry doors (people complained on Sunday they were coming loose). 
            It's not strictly my job (I didn't build it) but I can do it and so I did. (E)
      - Also picked up the large canopy tent we loaned to them (bad idea, hurt my ribs again putting it in the truck).
    Usual beaver reduction work. This time I found a plastic planter bucket in the wall. 
      - I think they were using that since I stole their shovel. So I stole the bucket too. (E)
    My wife made stew and homemade bread for the neighbors that just had a baby this week. I helped test everything before taking it over (she made enough for us too). 
    Daughter's out of town so we hosted the son-in-law and grandson for dinner.
    Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical (E)

Thursday
    Surprise, drove to school again. That canopy mistake is not helping speed up my recovery.
    Arrived early (E) to find two students diligently working outside 215. They seemed in a good mood so I assumed it wasn't SE work.
    Reviewed materials for SE II today and updated my notes.
    Process pull requests and attendance.
    Start working on feedback as some progress reports are coming in. 
    I visited the facilities coordinator for Brinkley Center to let them know there has been no paper towels in the mens room for 3 weeks. 
          This morning there was no soap. I offered to keep them stocked if they gave me a key to the janitor's closet. They said that's okay.  (E)
          They will have someone fix it asap and look into why it wasn't getting done. 
          They asked me to keep them updated over the next few days to ensure it is getting done.
          Hundreds of people use that restroom. Why am I the only one to say anything? 
    Snuck into career readiness to watch a former student of mine give a presentation on their internship experiences. (E)
    Scanned over the design materials submitted. Captured a few notes to bring up on monday.
    Helped with some first aid for a student from another class that had a minor cut. (E)
    Answered student questions about Scrum and other topics
    Taught the SE II sections
    Turned this report in early.


A list of obstacles that prevented you from accomplishing anything you had planned to do
    I don't seem to be on all the distribution lists for the department so I'm finding out about stuff 2nd hand
        Mitigation: I've reached out to a couple of people I think can get me on lists. Continue getting info 2nd hand for now.
    ABET audit coming up on 10/2 where I get interviewed by the auditors (solo). Because my class covers all concentrations, I've been told to expect to be grilled.
        Mitigation: Play the "new guy" card. "I don't know. I just officially started Aug 1." Technically accurate. I have only been a Professor of Practice since Aug 1.
    Look for ways to reduce the oncoming rush: Oct 2 is the due date for all essays across 4 sections (80+ students) and for presentations from all SE II students.
        Miigation: process any early ones asap to reduce the load. Process any late submissions last. Is there a better way?

A list of tasks you plan to do next week
    For Monday SE I classes, bring old laptop so I can demo some apps I wrote years ago and show the comments as an example
    Continue pattern of delivering classes, observing, updating notes for changes to curriculum or to next class session notes.
    Continue to process reports as quickly as possible while giving robust feedback.
    Explore idea of attending teaching symposium two weeks from now. I have obligations that morning so is it worth going to half a day?
    Check with Dr. Dubay to see if there is anything I need to follow up on for the submissions from this week for ABET.
    Deal with Beaver issue every day. Think of a plan to eliminate the problem for good (although I'm learning to enjoy the daily routine)

