Friday 10/13- Thursday

Friday
Resumed working on providing feedback to SE I reports ~7:30am,
	Given the long weekend, I plan to do one section a day.
Went to the doctor for my twice annual checkup so that I can keep getting blood pressure medicine
	Turns out my dr also has a beaver problem but he used death traps to get rid of his
Processed some of the walnuts we collected  
	Filled a dump cart with walnuts 
	Used pressure washer to do initial washing
	Used 3 live traps for squirrels to contain walnuts
	Pressure washed the hulls off until only the hard shell is left
	Set the shells out in the sun to dry
	Repeat until I had two baker's trays of dry walnuts
	Cleaned up the area
Reviewed SE I material for Monday, updated my notes. 
	I don't like the exercise for Wednesday so I researched alternative ideas. (E)
Tore down the beaver wall. The beaver is definitely back at it, repaired two holes.
Worked on the chicken fort expansion some more
Had some back and forth with another faculty member over email about senior exit exam  (E)
	FYI: I'm not a fan of passive aggressive (it makes me aggressive but I stayed professional) (E)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Saturday
Finished SE 1 section 2 feedback on reports 
Carried more water and food out to the chickens
Drove to Walmart to get some items for church and the items I need for a new exercise in SE I (E)
Drove to tractor supply to get more feed for the chickens
	Boy scouts had a booth so I bought a bag of the most expensive carmel corn known to man ($25) (E)
After we got home and unloaded the car, I researched some better videos for Wednesday's SE I class (E)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Sunday
Processed most of SE II section 2 progress reports in the morning
Arrived early to church, setup streaming equipment (we are now using the new mics)
	Dr. Bidgood (ETSU Appalachian studies) ran the equipment this week (nice to just sit in a pew for a change)
	The husband from the refugee family joined my wife and I for church today
Setup bells for practice (my daughter usually does this but she is on vacation) (E)
	Practiced bells (playing in service next Sunday)
	Someone else took care of the collections of food so I didn't have to (E for someone else) 
Fed and refilled water for the chickens (they are very independent now)
Picked up black walnuts with my wife (a nice strolling activity). Collected another ~20 gallons of whole walnuts (E)
Finished SE II section 2 progress reports
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Monday
Processed last section of SE II progress reports
Had a momentary panic attack as I thought maybe fall break was next week and I needed to rush to campus.
Processed the SE II video presentations submitted.
Formulated my talking points for SE II on Thursday (we are pretty much done with planned content)
Broke down Beaver walls (I'm falling into an every other day routine now)
The leaves are falling which means that I can see my neighbors houses through the trees (and vice versa) (F)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Tuesday
Processed a couple of SE II video presentations and provided feedback (they're coming in slower than expected)
Worked on the Senior Exit exam some more (E)
	watched ABET videos on curriculum maps and assessment methods (added content to my notes)
	reached out to Dr Karen Tarnoff (assistant Dean of CBAT?) for formal documentation on exit exam
	had some good exchanges to Dr. Dubay over email
My wife and I have been thinking about doing raised beds for the garden so I decided to do a design
	Keeping the original 2 gardens for vine plants 
	creating a new one closer to the barn so we can water it more easily
	Looked at options and ideas online, came up with a design for a custom set of beds
	Did a supply list and did a big shopping trip to Home Depot (sorry Jackson)
	My plan is to get this all built and setup by the time my wife returns from her trip in a few weeks.
	I also plan to replace part of the kitchen counter while she's gone with a mosaic tile she picked out
Finalized my new exercise for Iteration class in SE I
Sent my updated class notes to Dr. Shaik so she knew the plan for Wednesday.
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical


Wednesday
Arrived early, worked on some SE II presentations
Iterative exercise seems to have gone well. Clarifying questions was the key to success in each section. (E)
Make huge progress on chicken extension (connected 5 more pallets and wrapped the outer layer with wire) (E)
Destroyed the beaver wall again (found a bud light can. I don't think the beaver is old enough to drink)
Continued to push back against the institutional resistance over the senior exit exam after
	receiving another email that basically relegated me to the children's table. (E)
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical

Thursday
Scanned over SE II material for the day. Updated my notes. Project work will now take up most of the class time.
Chatted with some students
Shifted the quiz for SE I to avoid conflict with the career fair (E)
Process pull requests and presentation submissions.
Plan to work on the chicken extension and potentially finish it today or tomorrow. 
	Then I can start on the raised bed garden.
I'll also process some presentations this afternoon/evening
Checked emails periodically throughout the evening in case a student needed something time critical
