•	Bouncy ball program
o	Mandatory Functional
	The program must create a ball that is visible on the screen.
	The ball has to bounce off the sides of the screen when it touches them.
	Users have to be able to draw obstacles on the screen with their mouse.
	The ball also needs to be able to move left or right continuously.
	Any obstacles that are drawn by users must be larger than 3 pixels.

o	Optional Functional
	The program could contain a system that tracks your score.
	Users could customize the screen background or change the color of their ball.
	The program could contain a way to pause and resume the game.
	It could also have a replay feature if one were to fail or succeed.

o	Mandatory Non-Functional
	Should be accessible to users with disabilities.
	The program should be compatible with numerous operating systems.
	It should be able to provide error messages when a user enters wrong inputs.

o	Optional Non-Functional
	Provide an option to adjust the audio levels.
	It could be played through different input devices like a touchscreen, keyboard, or mouse.

o	Happy Path
	The program should run smoothly performance-wise.
	Any obstacles that are drawn by the users should be able to interact with the ball consistently.

o	Unhappy Path
	The program should be able to preserve the user’s progress in the case of a crash.
	Any drawn obstacles that are 3 pixels or less should be deleted and prompt the user with a warning to avoid doing so.

•	Arcade driving game
o	Mandatory Functional
	The game must contain a vehicle that is controllable on the screen.
	Players should be able to control the vehicle’s direction and speed.
	Obstacles must be placed on the screen for the player to avoid.
	If the vehicle collides with any obstacles it should result in a game over.

o	Optional Functional
	Players could be able to customize the appearance of their vehicle.
	The game could contain additional features like abilities to increase the vehicle’s speed. 
	Leaderboards could be implemented to show who is the best player.

o	Mandatory Non-Functional
	If the game were to contain multiplayer, the servers should be secure to prevent any players from cheating.
	The game should be supported on multiple platforms like a phone, computer, or console.
	The game should maintain a consistent frame rate.

o	Optional Non-Functional
	The game could have an official soundtrack to create a more immersive experience.
	It could support multiple inputs such as a controller, keyboard, or mouse.

o	Happy Path
	A player’s account data should be accessible across all their devices.
	The vehicles should be able handle inputs smoothly.
	Whenever a vehicle runs into an obstacle the collisions should be detected accordingly.

o	Unhappy Path
	If the game were to crash or the user encounters a bug. The user should be able to upload the crash data or provide feedback.
	Any network issues in the multiplayer mode should be prompted appropriately.
	If a player were to leave the match midrace, the game should be able to continue smoothly.
